Update static-files.md & its code samples. (#26854)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/static-files.md

![Static files list](static-files/_static/db2.png)

> <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.DefaultFilesExtensions.UseDefaultFiles*> and <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.DirectoryBrowserExtensions.UseDirectoryBrowser*> perform a client-side redirect from the target URI without a trailing `/`  to the target URI with a trailing `/`. For example, from `https://<hostname>/StaticFiles` to `https://<hostname>/StaticFiles/`. Relative URLs within the *StaticFiles* directory are invalid without a trailing slash (`/`). This behavior could be disabled by `RedirectToAppendTrailingSlash` option of `DefaultFilesOptions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.DefaultFilesExtensions.UseDefaultFiles*> and <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.DirectoryBrowserExtensions.UseDirectoryBrowser*> perform a client-side redirect from the target URI without a trailing `/`  to the target URI with a trailing `/`. For example, from `https://<hostname>/StaticFiles` to `https://<hostname>/StaticFiles/`. Relative URLs within the *StaticFiles* directory are invalid without a trailing slash (`/`); alternatively, use the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticFiles.Infrastructure.SharedOptions.RedirectToAppendTrailingSlash> option of <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.DefaultFilesOptions>
```

> <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.DefaultFilesExtensions.UseDefaultFiles*> and <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.DirectoryBrowserExtensions.UseDirectoryBrowser*> perform a client-side redirect from the target URI without a trailing `/`  to the target URI with a trailing `/`. For example, from `https://<hostname>/StaticFiles` to `https://<hostname>/StaticFiles/`. Relative URLs within the *StaticFiles* directory are invalid without a trailing slash (`/`); alternatively, use the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticFiles.Infrastructure.SharedOptions.RedirectToAppendTrailingSlash> option of <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.DefaultFilesOptions>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.DefaultFilesExtensions.UseDefaultFiles*> and <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.DirectoryBrowserExtensions.UseDirectoryBrowser*> perform a client-side redirect from the target URI without a trailing `/`  to the target URI with a trailing `/`. For example, from `https://<hostname>/StaticFiles` to `https://<hostname>/StaticFiles/`. Relative URLs within the *StaticFiles* directory are invalid without a trailing slash (`/`) unless the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticFiles.Infrastructure.SharedOptions.RedirectToAppendTrailingSlash> option of <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.DefaultFilesOptions> is used.
```
